README.md, before:

# Publishing Engine
A publishing engine similar to [Medium](https://medium.com/) and [DEV](https://dev.to/).

## Branches 
- main -> pr this branch for everything
- prod -> don't touch, this is what's running in prod


Quick Start
1) Clone repository
``` bash 
git clone https://github.com/munikeraragon/publishing-engine.git
```

2) CD into repository
``` bash
cd publishing-engine
```

3) Create a .env file inside server folder that contains the following fields.
```
MODE=development
MYSQL_ROOT_USER=SuperAdmin
MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD=SuperSecretPassword
MYSQL_DATABASE=blog

GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=
GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=

GITHUB_CLIENT_ID= 
GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET=

FACEBOOK_APP_ID=
FACEBOOK_APP_SECRET=

DISCORD_CLIENT_ID=
DISCORD_CLIENT_SECRET=

JWT_SERVER_SECRET=TypeGraphQL
``

3) Run Docker environmnet
``` bash
# dev
docker-compose up -d

# prod
docker-compose -f production.yml up -d
```

4) Run database migrations (You may need to create database if not exist)
``` bash
# if in development
docker exec server npx knex migrate:latest

# if in production
docker exec server npx knex migrate:latest --env production
```


## OTHER

Running graphql-codege
``` bash
# update server graphql, and then run the below commad
npx graphql-codegen --config codegen.yml
```

Connect to the database
``` bash
docker exec -it db bash

mysql -uroot -pSuperSecretPassword

CREATE DATABASE publishing_engine_dev;

CREATE DATABASE publishing_engine_stage;

CREATE DATABASE publishing_engine_prod;
```

Rollback migration
``` bash
docker exec server npx knex migrate:rollback
```

Notes:
Basic goals:

I want to use this site to post articles and post projects.
I want to be able to subscribe to other people.
I want to be able to have a profile/portfolio page that people can
see.

Strech goals:
Platform to learn about coding as well as the best platform to participate in opwn source projetcs. People will be able to learn about the project and post things related to the project.

Commit message:

Implement Post tags and User Icon

README.md, after:

# Publishing Engine
A publishing engine similar to [Medium](https://medium.com/) and [DEV](https://dev.to/).

## Branches 
- main -> pr this branch for everything
- prod -> don't touch, this is what's running in prod


Quick Start
1) Clone repository
``` bash 
git clone https://github.com/munikeraragon/publishing-engine.git
```

2) CD into repository
``` bash
cd publishing-engine
```

3) Create a .env file inside server folder that contains the following fields.
```
MODE=development
MYSQL_ROOT_USER=SuperAdmin
MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD=SuperSecretPassword
MYSQL_DATABASE=blog

GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=
GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=

GITHUB_CLIENT_ID= 
GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET=

FACEBOOK_APP_ID=
FACEBOOK_APP_SECRET=

DISCORD_CLIENT_ID=
DISCORD_CLIENT_SECRET=

JWT_SERVER_SECRET=TypeGraphQL
``

3) Run Docker environmnet
``` bash
# dev
docker-compose up -d

# prod
docker-compose -f production.yml up -d
```

4) Run database migrations (You may need to create database if not exist)
``` bash
# if in development
docker exec server npx knex migrate:latest

# if in production
docker exec server npx knex migrate:latest --env production
```


## OTHER

Running graphql-codege
``` bash
# update server graphql, and then run the below commad
npx graphql-codegen --config codegen.yml
```

Connect to the database
``` bash
docker exec -it db bash

mysql -uroot -pSuperSecretPassword

CREATE DATABASE publishing_engine_dev;

CREATE DATABASE publishing_engine_stage;

CREATE DATABASE publishing_engine_prod;
```

Rollback migration
``` bash
docker exec server npx knex migrate:rollback
```

Todo:
Create Tags table
Create Tags input
Allow users the ability to add tags
Create Loading Button when publishink article
    - Redirect to article
Create Loading Button when saving draft article
Ability to delete article


Create Follows table
Allow uses to follow other users


Refactor S3 services


Create Home notification page


Notes:
Basic goals:

I want to use this site to post articles and post projects.
I want to be able to subscribe to other people.
I want to be able to have a profile/portfolio page that people can see.

Strech goals:
Platform to learn about coding as well as the best platform to participate in open source projetcs. People will be able to learn about the project and post things related to the project.
